I had this jade pendant with me before I knocked out
When I woke up, the jade pendant was gone
It must have been stolen by you.
Tang Xueyao
Don't wrong me, I didn't even touch your jade pendant
Hmph, look at you beggar
It must have been when my Xueyao was in a coma
You stole it
Someone come and search for him for me
Just you white-eyed wolf gave it to my brother
This is a marriage contract
I will return the marriage to the Zhang family first.
I will retire first
Who are you calling a white-eyed wolf?
You, of course.
It's okay if I'm not grateful for saving you
Stabbed me with a knife
What are you not a white-eyed wolf?
OK, let it go.
Don't be angry with this rubbish
Not worth Ye Xiao
Don't you just think I cut your finger?
I'll pay you back now. We don't owe each other
people care